(DISTANT SIREN)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
No! I swear down. man.
I told you everything I know. Fuck!
Please! Please. man!
I don't know anything. I swear.
Please!
(SOBS) We wasn't there long.
Just fucked with some gypo kid's
wheels. that's it. That's all!
(PANTING)
That's all! That's all!
(SOBS)
You've got to believe me!
(GRUNTS)
No!
No! Ah! Please!
Oh. please!
Please!
(GRUNTS)
I told you.
we ran when we saw the Rolls.
We just got the fuck away
when we saw them.
I wouldn't mess with you. man.
Look at me!
I'm a fucking nobody.
I'm fucking no-one!
No. no! Please!
Please. don't kill me!
Please! Argh!
What else can I do?
No. please!
Please! Please don't kill me!
No! No. please.
Please! Please.
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(SHRIEKS)
(BUZZING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DOG BARKS IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Did you get it?
Shut the fuck up. man.
Fuck's sake.
So did you get it?Aye.
You gonna do it?
Maybe.
I dunno.
Oi. Ioan! What the fuck?
Where do you think you're going?
Just off to grab a couple of cans.
You got my keys?I won't be long.
I'll fill her up on the way back.
Bring us back a flagon or two 'en.
Sure. Patrick. dim probs.
You're buying.The fuck I am!
What you doing?
Eh! Do you want the car or not?
All right. man. all right.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(ENGINE STARTS)
So. did they say who it is?
I told you.
It's just some paedo.
Is three gonna be enough?
I fucking hope so.
You sure you wanna do this?
(DISTANT ALARM)
(DISTANT SIREN)
Ah. fuck.
(WHIRRING)
(THREATENING MUSIC)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DISTANT CHATTER)
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck.
Tell me this prick knows
whose parking space that is.
I'm betting he don't.Well.
he's about to find out. ain't he?
What do you think you're doing?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Oi! Yo!
You blind?Yo! Hey! What you doing?
Who's that?Oi!
Why so jumpy. cuz?Are you lost?
Open the door!
I said open the fucking door!
I'm rocking it.
Pop the bonnet.
Shut the fuck up! Just open up!
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
No. no. please. No! Don't do
anything to the car! Please.
Please.Man. what did I tell you?
Shut up. bro.Fucking hell!
Open the fucking door. Yo. bounce!
Bounce! Bounce! Bounce!
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Quick!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Keep it running. Jack.
Shit. shit. shit. shit. shit. shit.
Shit. shit. shit!
(RINGING TONE)Oh!
Please pick up. please pick up.
please pick up.
(BUZZING)
(WHIRRING)
(BLOWS)
Oh. please pick up.
AUTOMATED VOICE: Please leave
your message after the tone.'
Darren. don't fucking do it.
It ain't who they said.
How you doing. mate?
Yeah. fine. thanks.
Mm-hm?
The fuck you doing in Albania. boy?
Soon as my girl comes down.
I'll be on me way.
Always keeps me waiting. she does.
Girl?
Really?
Went for the car. did she? (LAUGHS)
(WHIRRING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(COCKS GUN)
(GUNSHOT ECHOES)
Fuck!
(Oh. fuck.)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
Ioan!
(ENGINE REVVING)
What the fuck. Darren?
Shut the fucking door!
(TYRES SCREECHING)
(PANTING)
(BIRDSONG)
After you. big man.
Thanks.
Uncle Alex!
That's it.
Use your old bedroom.
Mind the boxes.
Good to see you. Marian.
Danny. take this.
Cheers. Cheers.
Yeah. Danny... Danny. don't run.
Danny! Don't run.
Please. please.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Er. dispatch. we have a hit-and-run
currently going on.
Suspect's licence plate is Alpha -
Come on. mate...62...
Help me out here.(GROANS)
Come here.
Uncle Alex. when was the last time
you and Mummy stayed here?
A long time ago. Danny.
When he was your age.
Grammy Marian says
it's my room now.
Oh. yeah?
Maybe so. but they're my toys.
So don't you go breaking them.
(LAUGHS)
Rightio. All done.
All done.(LAUGHS)
OK. you're all set.
Go find Grandad.
Grandad?
(VEHICLE APPROACHES)
(VEHICLE STOPS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Really. Alex?
So this is who you are now?
For today at least. until we know
who killed Finn and why.
It doesn't suit you.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
This is a bit much.
I know. I know. I understand.
This is how it has to be.
Just doing my job.
Yes. mate. On you go.
Thank you. sir.
Put your arms up for me. please.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
# CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL:
Suzie Q
I thought he'd be pleased.
He wasn't.
# We'll say that you'll be true
# We'll say that you'll be true...
Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad!
Just let me...
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
# You'll be mine. baby
# All the time. Suzie Q... #
All right. Al?
You're looking good. Billy.
You know me.
Always up for a party.
Come on Sean. mate.
I won't go in there pretending
things are OK.Yeah. I know.
I can't shake the hand of
the person that killed him.
No. but I can.
And when we know who it is.
we'll destroy them.
I want the same as you. Sean.
Honest to God. I do.
But we have to do it the right way.
Not like last night.
Sean. you could burn every kid
from that estate.
but it's not gonna help us find
who murdered your father.
If we don't go in there and
convince them that this business
can function as normal. you can
forget finding his killer.
We'll have a war on our hands.
(SNIFFS) Mm. Maybe.
Let's see.
Alex.
It's time.
Look. Sean. you have my word.
Me and dad. we won't fail him.
Won't fail you either.
We have a lot to cover over
the course of this meeting
and I'm sure you all understand
how busy Sean is today.
He thanks you all for coming.
And we would like to thank you for
your patience
over the course of this last week.
Our patience isn't infinite. Ed.
Some of us still have cargo ships
anchored out at sea.
I take it we can expect something
in return
for the losses we have incurred?
Yes?No.
You have a box of silicone pussies
doing laps of the Indian Ocean.
I have 80 kilos of product
sitting in the docks.
With respect.
I just want to know where we stand.
We shut everything down
because we needed to.
But more importantly because
someone chose to kill Finn Wallace.
We're all partners here.
We rely on each other.
The system works.
as long as you comply.
Now. you all know me well enough to
know I will find out who did this.
And when I do...
Well. I think you all know
exactly what will happen.
Over the last week we have put into
place a system for transition
and by dawn we will have the docks
back open and fully operational.
Our investors have given us the
green light
to proceed on
our established terms.
So. as long as things stay quiet.
the government won't have a reason
to make a sound.
I've personally liaised with our
contact at the police
to renegotiate
protection for you all.
Each and every one of your deals.
every detail that Finn carried
in his head. I have in mine.
Lale. your smack money will be
laundered in time to send home.
Wong.
your cargo will arrive as usual.
Nasir. your father's trade routes
are secure.
But remember this.
Whoever stood
to profit from Finn's death.
the numbers will lead us to you
soon enough.
They never lie.
(GRUNTS)
Once again. I'd like to thank you
all for coming.
I'm so sorry. mate.
As I was saying.
we would like to thank you all
for coming.
Today we mourn the loss of a great
man.
but tomorrow it will be business
as usual.
No.
The tap stays off.
Sean -Nothing gets brought in.
Nothing gets shipped out.
No dirty money is washed.
No-one sells a fucking gram
on those streets.
Everything stops...
..until I find out who killed him.
# CREAM: We're Going Wrong
Not today. Billy. please.
Think about it. When business
stops. people stop talking.
Keep the gates open. the sooner
my dealers will hear something -
And the sooner you start making
money and forget my father was
killed. No.
The only business that's going to
get done
will be finding out who pulled the
trigger.
Don't think I won't watch all of
you starve until I get that answer.
You act like it's not obvious who
was involved.
Your father was killed
in one of Luan's buildings.
and his driver disappeared on
Albanian territory!
We are dealing with the Albanians.
Yet still you punish us.
We're your business partners.
You're my customers.
Luan is co-operating. OK?
The Albanians are trying to find
out as much as they can.
While he stays away. we all
suffer?
Who is in charge here. Ed?Sean is.
And he's made himself clear.
If you want access to our business.
you'll hunt down my father's killer.
I'm sure he's not that far away.
OK. thank you. everyone.
leave it with me.
We'll see you at the church.
Thank you.
Nasir...
..please tell Asif this won't
affect our arrangement.
Alex. I've come to pay my respects.
nothing more.
Look. whatever that was. it's
between you and my father. not me.
I wasn't here. I heard nothing.
Have the car pick us up from the
back.
(SPEAKING KURDISH)
(DOG BARKING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Don't worry about it. mate.
I've got it.
United Nations in here today.
Fuck me. Elliot!
What were you hoping for?
That they'd ask you
to carry the coffin (?)
Piss off. Jim.
Loads of people out there.
crowd control and that.
Yeah. well. they're all in here now
so stay put.
It's a funeral.
not a job interview.
Suit and tie
can't hide a washed-up squaddie.
no matter how hard you try.
Know your place.
(GAME BLEEPING)
Oh! Things are looking up.
They're about to bury your boss.
20 years of service
and I never even met the man.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
The money you just skimmed from me.
buy us both a drink. will you?
And put the rest back.
Any update on Jack?
No. nothing yet.
No-one's seen or heard of him since
Finn was killed.
He's just his fucking driver.
You don't think he -No.
We don't.
(BOTH CONVERSE IN KURDISH)
Jevan. Good of you to come.
Of course. They send their
condolences.Thank you.
This way.
(ORGAN MUSIC)
(HUSHED CHATTER)
Very sorry for your loss.
Would you...? Would you please
excuse me?Of course.
Family pew is at the front of the
church. Please join us.
No.
Well. if not for me.
for your father.
That's rich. Marian.
Mum -No. not now.
Think they'll be OK?
Dad's dead.
They're in the same room.
What do you think?
Come on. Jacs. come to the front.
Don't start. Sean.
Mum's just had a go.
Jacqueline.
for the both of us. please.
It'll be OK.
I'll sit between you.
If we can get
one good thing out of today...
Come on.
Thank you.
(PHONE BUZZING)
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Pub's this way. lads.
Get them fucking cars off the road.
Come on. let's buy you a drink.
Detective.
CCTV from the night
Finn was killed.
Make sure your dad knows
it came from me.
Luan. is this wise?
Edward. I must say.
I was a bit surprised
not to be invited to such
an important meeting this morning.
Well. you weren't invited to the
church either. but here you are.
I'm here to pay my respects.
the same as everyone.
But. more importantly.
I want to know that our agreement
will still be honoured.
Your agreement died with Finn.
If you need anything. let me know.
Thank you.
I stuck to my side of the deal.
I did what was asked of me.
I don't know what you had on him.
but now is not the time.
I decide when. I decide where.
Not you.
What the fuck is he doing here?
Sean. we've never been properly
introduced. Luan Dushaj.
At moments like these. I know
the fingers are quick to point.
Yeah. and they're only pointing in
one direction.
I can assure you.
we had no hand in his death.
But we'll find answers.
Look forward to it.
Now grab a hymn book. take a seat.
and pay your fucking respects.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY)
Fucking nerve on them. coming here.
You know. I offered to send
a couple of boys to Little Albania.
Make it right.That's nice of you.
Well. I say I offered...
(FRUIT MACHINE TRILLING)
..I thought about it.
It's the thought that counts. Jim.
All right. Bes?
Are we good?Ish.
Hey. I have nothing to hide.
That's good.
Still.
your lot really shouldn't be here.
Oh. is that so?
Jog on. mate.
You're blocking the sun.
Elliot. seriously?
So why did you kill Finn?
That wasn't mine.Jim!
You gonna let this fucking prick
bark at me?
(WHISTLING)
The fuck. Jim?
We're here to keep the peace.
Elliot.
No matter the cunt.
Heel.
Fuck off. you prick.
(LAUGHTER)
To Finn Wallace!
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
No blacks.
No Irish.
A city of closed doors
brought us together.
united us.
That's how Finn and I started
working together.
Finn came over
as a 12-year-old immigrant.
Er. we met as young teenagers
on the streets of London.
(IRISH ACCENT) "You and me.
we're just the same..."
That's what he said to me.
Illegitimate bastard children
of the great British Empire.
We made an agreement.
by the time we were done.
there would not be
one single door in this city
that we could not get behind.
He led.
I followed.
And I am so proud to have worked
for the man all these long years.
When I lost my...
When I lost my wife. Ayana...
..it was Finn and Marian who
shielded Shannon and Alexander
from the pain of
watching their mother fade.
They...
They are my family.
And so I say to you.
Marian. Sean. Jackie. Billy...
..I dedicate
my heart and soul to you.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
This is from
the back of the building.
Watch!
That's Jack.
Finn's driver. He's still alive.
If we find them. we find him.
Play it back.
Who the fuck are you?Elliot.
I work for Jim.Who the fuck's Jim?
Nobody. just play it back.
I think I recognise that van.
That's Besmir.Eh?
One of Luan's boys.
You just walked him across the
street.
He's wearing the same fucking
jacket.
He's in the pub downing shots.
Are you sure about this?Yeah.
Broken rear tail light. passenger
side. Dent above the bumper.
It's his van. It's Besmir.
Right. you go over there. show him
who you're talking about.
That's all. Nothing more.Course.
Don't let him out of your sight.
If he leaves. you follow.
but low-key. unseen.
Understood?
Mark. do not fuck this up.
Right. let's take this fucker out.
Make sure my path is clear.
Wait. Alexander said -
Fuck that office boy.
he's out of his depth.
We'll take him straight to Sean
ourselves.This is not supposed -
(GRUNTS)
Either stay down or fuck off.
I know what an Albanian looks like.
Right. which one of you...
(COUGHS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Where the fuck's Besmir?
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(Shit.)
(GRUNTS)
Where the fuck's Besmir?
(YELLS)
Besmir!
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
(SHRIEKS)
(GRUNTS)
Come here.
No.
(GRUNTS)
(SPAGHETTI WESTERN-STYLE MUSIC)
Come here.
Where is he? Where's Jack?
I swear I don't know.
Fuck off. you were seen!
Your van arrived very quickly.
scooped him up.
Fuck you. Elliot.
We can keep playing games. but I've
got orders to take you to Sean.
So who would you rather talk to?
Me or him?
Wait. wait!
We were out picking up score.
we heard gun shots.
I get a call. shit's going down -
we jus turned up to it.
I swear we didn't expect
to find what we did.
So why didn't you take Jack back to
the Wallaces. huh? We wouldn't
fucking be here!
Fucking Sean would kill me
on his own doorstep.
That driver didn't wake up
for days.
He's the only one to say I didn't
kill Finn.
and when he - when he does wake.
he don't say shit.
I tried telling Luan at the church.
but we were sent away.
What else I do?Wait! Wait!
Jack's awake?(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
(GRUNTS)
Take me to him.
Elliot. you have no fucking idea.
Take me!
Finn Wallace may be gone.
But I still see him everywhere I go.
Look around.
You'll see him too.
I could hear him as you
all filed in and took your seats.
He lives on in the murmurs of a
thousand languages.
each telling their story of how...
..Finn Wallace was able
to change their life.
His story is forever carved into
the skyline of this city.
A city he transformed into his
likeness.
And I miss the man.
I miss him.
More than
any amount of words can say.
His smile alone would've washed away
the silence that fills this room.
Finn Wallace.
Dad.
He believed in people.
He believed in giving opportunities
to the disadvantaged.
He gave.
He supported.
He did so much for all of us.
All of you.
My father was taken from us on
the streets of London.
And now London will deliver to us
those that took him.
Finn Wallace.
He's still here.
He's in me.
# MOZZIK: Ghetto
(MOBILE RINGS)
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Almost there.
You two stay here.
Where are we going?
That way.
That way.Go!
(GRUNTS)Come on.
Here.
You've been keeping him here?
Would anyone have looked?
Move.
We've just come to collect someone.
Nothing more.
Tell them.(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(GRUNTS)
Come on.
Open the door!
Tell him!(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
He's in much better shape now than
when we picked him up. trust me.
Can you walk?
Who the fuck are you?
I'm gonna take you to the Wallaces.
Come on. Let's get you up.
Make sure you tell Sean
we took care of him.
I didn't know what went down...
Don't recognise you.
No reason to.
Elliot.
(CONVERSATION IN ALBANIAN)
You. you must be Jack.
A lot of people have been looking
for you.
I had no knowledge you were being
held in here.
But here you are. still alive.
You came so far.
And I trust you can find your way
safely back.
Please...
Ah!
Elliot. don't ever come
to my place of business
brandishing a weapon again.
I just came for him.And I let you.
Make that clear
when you take him back.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Oh. God.
(GRUNTS)
Mind your head.(GRUNTS)
What the fuck has happened to him?
Just go!
Oi!
(DISTANT SIREN)
Oh. fucking. fucking Jesus.
Oh. God!
(INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GRUNTS)
Jack. Jack. tell me what you know.
I fucked up. man.
Yeah?I should've...
What happened? Who killed him?
(COUGHS)
Jack?
Kids.
Fucking nobodies. man.
Fucking nobodies.
In some... (COUGHS)
..Red Nova.Mm-hmm?
Yes?
G-four...four-three...
OK. yeah. Red Nova G443...
..S-A-V.
We should leave. Should we leave?
Darren?
All right. I don't know. OK!
Look. they have to know it was us.
And if they don't by now.
your dad will.
We got enough here to lay low.
just have to wait.
For how long?
I mean. it's not like you just
fucking forget something like that.
Call 'em again. Look. they might be
able to do something to help us.
I keep tellin' you.
it's a dead line.
They fucked us.
We're on our own.
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
(DOG BARKS IN DISTANCE)
(MUTTERS)
Oh. bollocks. he's leaking.
Grab us a towel. will you?
Fucking boys! Where you off to?
(GRUNTS)
Jesus Christ!
No. no. no. please. no!
No. no!
(YELLS) Fuck!
(BARKS)
Where's your fucking brother?
Cos I heard he had a fucking pistol
on him
and he and my boy went and put
a bullet in some Albanian nobody.
Now I ain't seen either since.
But I know they're not in hiding.
cos of some fucking dead Albanian.
I swear. I don't know anything.
Well. that makes two of us now.
Dad!
Ioan. he asked if
he could borrow her.
I swear to God. I don't know
anything. Please don't.
Find 'em! Both of 'em!
(DOG WHIMPERING)
I want Luan.
Right here. on his knees.
explaining himself.
His men took Jack.
and I want to know why.
Sean. just stop. stop.
Dragging Luan across the city now
makes us look desperate.
We have got to play this right.
I have the entire city
looking for his killer.
We are making enemies out of
business partners.
And the longer that goes on.
the sooner they turn on us.
We've got to find a peaceful
solution to this.
Did you see my dad's face in there?
I'm not interested in peace.
Marian. talk to your boy.
I agree with Sean.
Whoever killed my husband remains
an enemy to this family.
If we back down now.
they'll walk all over us.
It's not about -Enough. Enough!
All of you.
Our strength lies in our unity.
That's what your dad built for us.
Listen. son.
I want nothing more than to bring
you the head of
whoever the hell had
the guts to do this to us.
But. in that meeting. this morning.
you acted alone.
And that makes us look weak and
divided.
Work with me. Sean.
and I promise you
I will give you everything.
just like I did for your father.
I'm glad to hear it.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Jack!Take your fucking hands
off him!Get him in the boardroom!
Watch out.
I'm so fucking sorry.
Get him outside!No. no. He stays.
Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack. it's OK.
Get a doctor.
Get a doctor!
Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack. it's OK.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
Fuck!
How's he doing in there?
He passed out.
Yeah. he does that a lot.
Who the fuck are you?
It's OK. he's one of ours.
He's the twat that tore up the pub.
Elliot. I'm the one who found him.
You did all of that on your own?
What was it? Six of them?Eight.
But I had a dart. so...
(DOOR CLOSES)
If he wanted to. Luan could've
killed us there and then.
Easily.
(DOOR OPENS)
Doctor gave him a shot.
He'll be out until the morning.
Take him back to his flat.
he needs rest.
Let him sleep it off.
we'll grill him in the morning.
Sean.Trust me.
It's a good thing
you didn't need it.
Get on your knees.Sean.
No. I don't buy it.
Luan gave Jack back to us.
That has to mean something.
No. no. no. He sent you. didn't he?
What? No. No. I work for Jim.
I work for you.
You expect me to believe some street
grunt can do what you just did?
We spent a week searching the city.
You find him in a day!
It's bullshit.
You're a fucking wooden horse.
Go on. then. cut me open.
Don't even...
I'm my father's son. and I will take
a fucking belt sander to your eyes
if you don't start talking.
Fuck off!
Shit I've been through today.
for you.
Risked my life to drag
that dizzy cunt to your door
and you put
a fucking gun to my head?
Fuck you!
You done?
He saw who did it.
Jack.
He saw who killed your father.
He said...
He said it was
a couple of pikey kids.
Are you fucking high?
I'm just telling you what he said.
What else?
He gave me a number plate.
I swear to God. if any of this
is fucking bullshit -
Yeah. yeah. belt sander. I get it
but when you find out
this is true...
I work for you.
Not Jim. Not even fucking Mark.
You.
Right.
Make it known. I want everyone
searching for these fuckers.
I don't care if they work for us
or they're paid off by us.
they join the hunt.
It's Elliot. right?
That includes you.
Dad?
Elliot?Give us a second.
Make you a cup of tea first.Carer
made me a fresh one before she left.
Oh. yeah?
When was that? A month ago?
It's got more skin on it
than Auntie Joan.
Nah. it's all right.
I don't need another one.
Oh. er. Sally said she might
not be able to come next week.
Says it's not up to her.
Don't you worry about that.
She'll be here.
That should do you
a couple of weeks in advance.
I might not be able to pop in
next week. Work's picking up.
I'm sure a week late is fine. son.
Yeah but. you know. just in case.
Thing is. I might not be able
to make it in for a while.
Just remember to give that to her
tomorrow. right?
Right. let me see 'em.
Elliot -Come on. put them up.
That's it. Champ.
You know. Social's fine. boy.
I'm not completely incapable.
you know.
I know you're not. Dad.
But no Sally on Social...
She's taken a shine to you.
(CHUCKLES)
Am I gonna have to tell her
you wanna break her heart?
Ah. she's just a fine kid.
that's all.
Reminds me of Naomi.
You can't run away from it forever.
you know.
Right. that's you done.
Going down in the fourth tonight?
Elliot.Or is it the third?
It was usually one or the other.
Hardly broke a sweat some nights
did you. Dad?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. that was...
I'll watch a bit of telly with you.
before you go to bed.
(BEEPING)
(CLICKING)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(RINGING TONE)
PATRICK: Ioan?
Is that you?
Please. Ioan.
Where are you. boy?
Pat...
..I'm sorry about your car.
Fuck sake. forget about the car.
you useless prick.
We fucked up.
What were you thinkin'?
(SNIFFS) We didn't know. I swear.
I really did try to stop it.
The fuck are we gonna do. Pat?
Darren says we've gotta lay low
while we wait it out.
There is no layin' low.
man was too big for that.
We didn't know it'd be him.
We just did it for the money.
Please...
..tell me where you are.
Let me help you.
Saint Ralph's. by the train tracks.
Fifth floor.
(SNIFFS) I love you. Pat.
Just wait till I'm there. OK?
I'm so sorry.
(HANGS UP)
(DINGS)
(TYRES SCREECHING)
(THUDDING)
Open the fuckin' door.
Open the fuckin' door!
Look. I'm sorry!
I know you're in there. Darren.
Do what I say.
and open this fuckin' door!
(TYRES SCREECHING)
(DISTANT ALARM)
(GRUNTS)
(SNIFFS)
(CREAKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Fuck you! Fuck all of you!
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING CONTINUES)
He was gonna leave it.
All right.Fuck off.
Ioan did it to himself.Yeah. he
saved his own though. didn't he?
Blood's blood.
And so's mine.
What are you gonna do?
Take on Kinney?
Didn't think so.
Your father'd beat you worse than
he did. for talkin' like that.
He's no father of mine. No dad
would let that happen to his boy!
You'd do right
to be glad he let you live.
Now bag up the money.
All right. hands up.
Nice and slow.
Step back for us.
I said. step back. please.
No.
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(YELLS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SNARLS)
(SHRIEKS)
(WHIMPERS)
(PANTING) Fuck.
The other one in the car...
..where are they taking him?
No!
(SHRILL WHISTLE)
(CAR HORN HONKS)
(TRAIN RUMBLES NEARBY)
I needed that address.
And we got it to you.
I needed it sooner.
Elliot.
what the fuck have you done?
I had no choice.
I got there too late
to save the boy.
They took the other one before I
even got here.
Hey. Hey!
Two years undercover.
Have I ever fucked you over?
We have an opportunity here.
In the space of a day.
I've gone from being a nobody
outside that church
to being invited into their home.
Sean Wallace himself
calling me by name.
tasking me to find the guy who
killed his father!
Belize dollars. fuck ton of it.
more than anyone
would pay two kids.
It might be something.
Or it might be nothing.
It's too late.
They want you out and I am running
out of ideas to keep you in.
We haven't delivered.
But now we can.
Vick. don't make this
all be for nothing.
They're clean.
Thank you.
(SIREN APPROACHING)
(TYRES SCREECHING)
Head west.
To Evie.
She'll have a boat waiting once
they get tired of tracking him.
I'm not sorry.
Cos I'm not the one who should be.
One day. you'll understand.
Say nothing to no-one.
You hear?
(SNIFFLES)
Watch over him. Mal. for me.
Of course.
(BOTH CONVERSE IN KURDISH)
(MOBILE RINGS)
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)OK. boss.
(SPOON TAPPING ON CHINA)
Who's there?
Jesus. fuck. Ed.
(LAUGHS)
Oh. man I thought you were...
Good to have you back with us.
Jack. (CHUCKLES)
Thank you.
(GRUNTS)
(SNIFFS)
They found money on him.
On his body.
Yeah.
Yeah. he had a bag of it on him.
I'm tired. Jack.
I'm tired of being the one holding
all of this together.
Look. Ed...
..sooner or later.
they're gonna find out.
About her. about all of this and -
Jack...
They're not gonna hear from me.
Do you understand me?
They're not gonna hear it from me.
not one word but...
Fuck. man. when they do know.
they're gonna wanna know why
I didn't tell them.
Look. I guess I just...
I just wanna make sure
that I'm in the clear is all. Ed.
You know?
Where were you taking him? Later?
What was the plan?
I don't know.
Yeah. you do.
I took... I took a fucking car
to the body. man.
I didn't do nothing wrong.
No-one is gonna think that.
OK? No-one.
Trust me.
Ed...
..I can't move.
I can't move my arm.
I know.
No.
No. please. Ed. no!
Please. no. No.
No.
Believe me.
I take no enjoyment in this.
I wish I didn't have to do it.
But I do.
The truth is
I haven't had to do this for years.
But it's for
the good of the family. Jack.
It really is.
And that's all there is to it.
subtitles by Deluxe e-mail:
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk